Replace "implementing service" with "subgraph" for Rover launch (#736)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/index.mdx

}
```

### Managed federation

In addition to running a gateway with a static list of services, Apollo Gateway can operate in **managed federation** mode, where [Apollo Studio](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/) acts as the source of truth for each subgraph's schema.

This mode enables multiple teams working on a data graph to coordinate when and how underlying subgraphs change. It's recommended for all federated graphs. For more information, read [Managed federation overview](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/managed-federation/overview/).

---

> Next, learn how to [define a subgraph](./implementing-services/).

Reviewer: I _feel_ like you've changed this to ./subgraphs/?
```suggestion
Next, learn how to [define a subgraph](./subgraphs/).
```

Author: Oops I sure did! Thanks 😄
